aplx
Applied Linguistics and Multilingualism
https://registrar.ucsc.edu/catalog/programs-courses/course-descriptions/aplx.html

DIVISION Lower-Division

80. Introduction to Applied Linguistics. F
Introduces the field of applied linguistics, learning about language acquisition, use, and teaching in multilingual contexts from multiple disciplinary perspectives. Also, introduces research models that examine psycholinguistic, sociolinguistic, and/or educational aspects of multilingualism.. Enrollment limited to 40. (General Education Code(s): PE-H.) The Staff, S. Okamoto, M. Amengual, Z. Abrams, B. Donaldson, E. Zyzik

99. Tutorial. F,W,S
Students submit petition to sponsoring agency. May be repeated for credit. The Staff

99F. Tutorial (2 credits). F,W,S
Students submit petition to sponsoring agency. May be repeated for credit. The Staff

DIVISION Upper-Division

101. Second-Language Acquisition. W
Introduces the field of second-language acquisition. Topics include contexts of acquisition, the impact of individual differences, and basic methods of data collection and analysis. Prerequisite(s): course 80 or linguistics 50. Enrollment limited to 40. The Staff, E. Zyzik, D. Miller, B. Donaldson, M. Amengual, Z. Abrams

102. Bilingualism. W
An overview of bilingualism. Focuses on bilingualism as an individual phenomenon (i.e., how two languages develop and are represented in the minds of individual speakers), and as a social one (i.e., how do bilinguals interact in a community and how does this context of language contact shape their linguistic identity). Prerequisite(s): course 80 or linguistics 50. Enrollment limited to 40. The Staff, M. Amengual, E. Zyzik

103. Second Language Speech. *
Examines themes related to the acquisition of L2 phonetics and phonology, including theories and models of L2 speech learning; phonetics and phonology in L2 acquisition; as well as the training effects on L2 pronunciation. Prerequisite(s): course 80 or Linguistics 50. The Staff

112. Language and Gender. *
Examines the relationship between language and gender. Topics include: gender differences in speech; linguistic gender norms and stereotypes; gender and the construction of identity in discourse; sexuality and language; sexism in language; social, educational, and political implications. (Formerly Languages 112.) S. Okamoto, The Staff

113. Inter-Cultural Communication. F
Examines intercultural communication and miscommunication between individuals and speech communities, both within North American and global contexts. Through discourse and analytic approaches, students explore cultural stereotypes and interactional expectations, among other issues, that influence the outcome of intercultural communication. (Formerly Languages 113, Cross-Cultural Communication and Miscommunication.) Enrollment is restricted to juniors and seniors. Enrollment limited to 25. (General Education Code(s): CC.) Z. Abrams, The Staff

115. Language and Power. S
Examines the relationship between language and power. Explores the ways in which national languages, regional and social dialects, and specific phonological morpho-syntactic, or lexical features come to be associated with particular social meanings and contribute to creating social inequality. Prerequisite(s): course 80. Enrollment is restricted to sophomores, juniors, and seniors. Enrollment limited to 25. The Staff, Z. Abrams, S. Okamoto

116. Discourse Analysis: Language Use and Context. *
Familiarizes students with the methods and theoretical assumptions behind discourse analytic approaches to the study of language. Examines language used in specific contexts. Topics include: genres, registers; discourse organization; discourse grammar; interaction; conversation; pragmatics; and social practice. Prerequisite(s): Linguistics 50 or by consent of the instructor. Enrollment is restricted to juniors and seniors. B. Donaldson, The Staff

135. Second Language Teaching. S
Introduces the theories of second-language acquisition and their connection to second-language teaching. Students develop cutting-edge teaching and testing materials, and engage with current scholarship on language instruction. Prerequisite(s): at least one year of college-level study of a foreign language, or its equivalent. Enrollment restricted to juniors and seniors, and by permission of instructor. Students cannot receive credit for this course and course 235. Enrollment limited to 20. E. Zyzik, D. Miller, Z. Abrams

136. Second Language Assessment. *
Introduces the fundamentals of second-language testing by presenting theories, key concepts, and practical applications in language assessment. Throughout the course, students develop their own assessment portfolios, creating materials they can use in their post-BA career. Prerequisite(s): course 135 or by permission of the instructor.. The Staff

190. Research Seminar in Applied Linguistics. S
Prepares students to conduct research in applied linguistics. Students evaluate published studies that represent both quantitative and qualitative methods. Prerequisite(s): courses 80 and 101; satisfaction of the Entry Level Writing and Composition requirements. Enrollment is restricted to seniors. S. Okamoto, E. Zyzik, M. Amengual, B. Donaldson, Z. Abrams

199. Tutorial. F,W,S
Students submit petition to sponsoring agency. May be repeated for credit. The Staff

199F. Tutorial (2 credits). F,W,S
Students submit petition to sponsoring agency. May be repeated for credit. The Staff

DIVISION Graduate

235. Second Language Teaching. S
Helps novice instructors learn about the theory and practice of language teaching and learning. Focuses on current methods used in communicatively oriented classrooms. Topics include: listening comprehension, grammar, vocabulary, reading, writing, and testing/assessment. Students cannot receive credit for this course and course 135. (Formerly Language Studies 201.) Enrollment is restricted to graduate students. Enrollment limited to 20. The Staff, Z. Abrams, E. Zyzik


